Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes today. This
is handsome. Anousha 1818 Richard Campbell.
How are you, sir? I'm
well, my friend, how are
you? I am a little
disheveled, a youth. We tried
to do this with the
Google Hangouts. Yep. It failed.
And then we tried a
few different ways, but it's
apparently YouTube streaming has got
the problems guy. Yes, it
is the 8th of March right now.
And YouTube is down. So
that failed horribly. So what
we're doing is a little,
a little janky. We've got
multiple cameras. Which camera am
I on here? That one
we've got multiple cameras going,
multiple mixers. I ended up
bringing up downloading and installing
OBS studio. I set myself
up with a, a local
stream. I'm on messenger. Facebook
messenger with you right now.
Yep. Capturing that screen. It's
pretty. It's it's it's a
poor person's Google Hangouts said
it's janky, but, but I
think we could probably make
this work in the future.
Yeah, no, I'm happy. I
happy. We got it together.
And it's been a while
since we did a minutia,
it's been more than a
year. Anyway. It is. I
hope people can hear you
if they can't hear you
then. Well, this will just
be a podcast that they'll
be listening. Well, I don't
know. It just be me
talking to myself. Wow. Wouldn't
be the first time. All
right. Good deal. So let
me tell you what I'm
excited about and then you
will inevitably interrupt and make
the talk that much awesomer.
Yes. I bought a switch
and Nintendo switch and joy.
It is so, so good.
It's that good? That you
are just like, it's awesome.
I just, I'm so excited
about my switch. I can't
even stand it. It's really
just a, we, you in
sort of portable form, right?
It's such an old guy
thing to say, Oh, well,
you know, that's what a
PSP was, is it is
we'll hear it because people
can't see it, but I'm
going to just pick it
up, hold it up. And
this is the thing, it
was on the TV over
here to my side. Right.
And now here you go.
Where are we at? Here
we go. Where's Zelda. Look
at that. I mean, it's
just so special, so exciting.
Right. And it's all about
that one game, right? It's
all about the Zelda game.
Yeah. It is a portable
Zelda system. That's all that
matters is that it's seldom,
I don't know if let's
say Zelda is a hundred
hours, right? Well then that's
an open world game. That
particular Zelda game. So No
dollars an hour. It's three
bucks an hour. I mean,
it's so it's, it's a
$3 an hour Zelda simulator
every hour. The way I
look at it as this,
every hour that goes by
that I play Zelda makes
the, the switch that much
more inexpensive. Right? It's it's
constantly justifying its existence with
right. By consuming time. And
what's so exciting about it
is that I think, I
think I'm actually, people are
looking at it on this
screen here, turn it over
here. I just drop it
in for the little dock.
And then it immediately is
going to pop up over
there on the screen, which
is unbelievable. Let me see
here. Yeah. So they can't
see because my streaming is
so janky, but now I
plugged it into a doc
and it's up on the
main screen. I've got the
pro controller and then I'm
watching it on TV. Like
exactly like the commercial. So
does what it says it's
supposed to do. It does
exactly what it wants to
do. And I'm seeing all
these people complaining on, Oh,
you know, it's a dead,
it's the worst launch in
years now. Come on. I
don't think they have enough
of them. Good. Basically sold
out everywhere. They have, they
have more. Do you want
from a launch then you
sold them Well, and didn't
it sell the most since,
since the, we, I think
I just like, I don't
know. Millions and millions. Millions.
Yeah. I don't know. I'm
I'm with you. I just
I'm happy that there's three
video game machine companies, right?
I mean, you've got Sony
and Microsoft and Nintendo still
making devices still innovating. That's
what a working ecosystem looks
like. You know, that's actually
a really good point that
this is the third party,
right? I mean, they, they
said that it says here
in Japan, it's sold third
of 1,000,003 days. They're saying
that the city the, we
use, so just 3 million by
the end of 2012. Wow.
So, you know, I don't
know. It's not, it didn't
blow the doors off, but
it's, I think it's special.
I think that it was
a week a week launch
in the sense of the,
the number of games that
were available. Of course it's
small, But again, you need
a marquee game. You need
one and individ, Zelda, you
got to make the game.
You could've sold that. Many
of those machines, if all
it played was Zelda. Yeah.
Someone in the chat here
just said, it's just like
the commercial, except without hip
cool kids On the road
too. I will say guys,
talk about a video game
machine. I have not To
any roof parties. Oh. Which
is, you know, that's too
bad. Exactly. It's, it's beautiful
though. It's fun. You just
pick it up. You walk
away the, I mean, I
felt looking for like knits.
There's no nits. The only
knit is that the doc
is cheap plastic and you,
if you just slapped it
in the dock, it could
theoretically, I don't know. Scratch
the thing. Scratch the screen.
Yeah. It'll be fun to
see how it survives. I
mean, in theory, cheap plastic,
you know, this gorilla grass
on that screen screen, it
should survive. The you'll break
the dock. We break the
unit. I don't think it's
gorilla glass. No, I think
there's talk about it. Maybe
not pink irrelevant. But I
think that to get back
to your original point, there
is a third perfectly viable,
fantastic game company out there.
And I'm hearing just by
looking on, you know, reading
some different, more obscure blogs
that the trick with the
switch is going to be
indie, indie devs. I think
that this is the year
of the indie developer. I
hope that comes true. Cause
it hasn't so far. And
Nintendo is, I would argue
of the three now maybe
second worse. I think Microsoft
has the best shot to
actually get indie dev to
work. Not that they have
and then in Nintendo and
then at Sony is openly
hostile to just about everybody.
So it's very unlikely to
make it work in Sony.
Yeah. I definitely think that
if they can get the
indie dev thing right, then,
then that'll be good. Well,
let me just give you
that. We'll make a level
playing field so that folks
can contribute their good ideas.
You know, you think about
how many unity games have
been made. Just the ability
to build a decent game
with one, two, maybe three
people, some off the shelf,
resources it's incredibly doable. And
the other thing that's important
for me about the switch
is that didn't go for
the monster horsepower. You know,
the race between the PS
four and the Xbox one
and a one ass and
all, all of this is
about more compute and more
compute and more compute. And
the downside for that in
the gaming industry is it's
no longer economically viable to
build a game that will
press against the limits of
those machines. It takes so
much art. It takes so
much graphical resources to actually
push the edges of a
PS4. You have to have
be sure you've got a
guaranteed winner to actually do
it. So you don't utilize
the machine and the switch
hasn't gone that way, right?
Zelda is beautiful, but it's
not leading edge graphics. They're
not going all out. It's
just a better It's it's
last year's graphics. They're saying
that it started being designed
in, in what, 2015, you
know, it's, it is a
portable, we, you, right at
this point, it's gotta Older
than that. So knowing they
couldn't get much more powerful
than the, we, you, what
they did was they Moore's
law to drive down costs
and to drive downsize and
power consumption so they can
get a reasonable price, portable
version of a we, you
with the screen built in,
right? Don't go to the
edges of compute all the
time. Don't go mental on
the, on the GPU, but
creative, right? Give enough room
that we can make something
pretty and spend more of
your energy, making something with
a great story. That's fun
to play than going for
the perfect realism. Nobody cares
just how perfectly somebody Bleeds.
Right? That is a really
valid point. People keep bringing
up things like, Oh, it
doesn't do 4k. And I'm
like really 4k in a
tablet that I carry around.
That is, that is thick.
Exactly. You see that monitor
behind me? That's that? 43
inch Dell fork. Okay. Okay.
So that's a four K
monitor at 120 DPI. So
you can actually use the
full resolution and I'll tell
you something that's as big
as you ever want a
monitor. 43 inches is awfully
big when you've got stuff
up in the corners of
that screen. It's a long,
Yup. I think that this
is, this is a seven
20 P screen. It's 180
odd DPI when you're holding
it. Yep. I'm, I'm sitting
here next to a 35
inch screen when you dock
it, it goes to 909
rather than seven 20. And
not, don't not 10 80
either, which is not 10
80. And then there's a
couple of complaints about frame
rate. I guess the frame
rate is locked to 20
tries to hit 30. Maybe
if it's like in the
rain and it's covered and
you're in a grassy field
and you're being attacked by
a dozen and you know,
goblins, it might slow down
the frame rate, but this
whole thing where I'm going
to somehow dismiss an entire
new launch because it's not
60 frames Silly. And there's
always a group of people
that, and they're the tweakers
and the tuners, right? The
folks that are pushing against
the limits all the time
on their own machines. It's
like, if you're not doing
that, then what are you
doing? Here's the real question.
Is that fun? Are you
having a good time? Clean
it? That's what I look
for in a game. Yeah.
It's lose your marriage fund.
It is like I was
in here plan. The kids
were down. It was nine
o'clock last night. My wife
was like, you know, come
out and we'll watch a
show. Right. I blinked. And
it was one in the
morning. And you had not
watched the show your wife
had given up and you
had gone to bed and
you were going to have
a bad morning. I tell
ya. And it's bad. But
at the same time, that's
the level of immersion that
you only get with quality
game design. Yep. That I
am experiencing that on a
daily basis with Twitch. It's
it's almost like calling sick
fun. Oh no, no. It's
a, she said that. No,
I know, I know it's
concerning, but at the same
time, like I was, I
was tweeting earlier about all
the different things that it
is. It's right. It's the
feeling that you get with
a grand theft auto it's
the puzzles of portal. It's
the scope of a shadow
of the Colossus, which is
a freaking 15 year old
game. It's the open world
of grand theft auto. Right?
It's it's Skyrim where, I
mean, I'm, I'm on, it's
only 900, 900, 900 horizontal
lines or seven 20 P.
But I'm having moments of
like breathtaking. Like you come
up over that mountain and
you kind of go Holy
crap, because what it doesn't
have in high Rez, it
has an a, what's the
word? What's it called? Not,
not field the distance. Like
there's no depth of field,
but there's no, there's no
pop in. It's not like,
Oh, you know, it can
only, it can only draw,
you know, mountains when you
get close to them and
then a mountain pops in
front of you. It doesn't
happen. Right. You know, it's
the, it's the inventory of
like a Bard's tale and
Skyrim. It's just a freaking
perfect game. It's just cause
if you're a play just
cause where you're running around,
you know, like you I've
even forgotten honestly what I'm
supposed to be doing right
now. Like I know that,
I know that there's a
main, what's the word? There's
like a main quest, right?
Yeah. Primary story. I know
there's a main quest. I'm
completely ignoring it. I have
no idea what I'm supposed
to be working on And
off the beaten path. You
know, the last game that
really did that to me
was fallout. Yeah. I've heard
that. Yeah. Follow three was
good for that. You know,
you're on the main storyline
and then you pop into
a village and there's some
mystery going on in that
village. And next thing you
know, you've played three hours
dealing with that mystery that
had nothing to do with
the primary. You know that.
So I was in a
village yesterday and like a
little kid runs by like
a nine year old. And
he says, Hey, if you
can get a Traveler's sword
and, and show it to
me, then I'll give you
something. And I ran off
looking for that, you know,
and now, and then I
bring it back. And if
like with all good quests,
she's like, well, if you
can show me this and
now it's, you know, he's,
one-upping wants to see something
else has nothing. It's a
side quest. Totally useless, but
I'm climbing. Oh. And then
yesterday I spent freaking three
hours trying to climb rocks
that were wet. Apparently you
can't climb walks when it's
raining. So then I'm like,
this is unacceptable. I'm trying
to figure out if there's,
so then there's like, well
there's special climbing pants that
you can get. That'll let
you climb the wet rocks.
Oh my God. It's just
a blast. And of course
I can't let the kids
see it or I'll never
see my kids again. Yeah.
It's awful. Someone who's commenting
on your microphone. They said,
it's as big as your
head. It's very special. My
head what's going on? What
is, why is that microphone?
So what is that? It's
like a piece of foam
around An 80, 2020 in
here. And then this is
a chaotic eyeball and it's
called an eyeball. Yeah. It's
called the chaotic eyeball. And
it is both a pop
filter and a foam baffle.
So it stops the audio
reflections from the wall behind
me from hitting the microphone.
Again, it just absorbs it
all. So it gives me
a really nice flat, you
know, crisp sound without having
to do conditioning to the
whole room. This is basically
a sound booth around the
mine. It says here, the
alternative to a sound booth,
it acoustically treats your space.
They have a very nice
website with a cool scrolly
thing that shows exactly how
it gets in. It's actually,
it looks like it is
dense. It is not. It's
an empty open space. Yeah.
It means it's a ball.
It's a ball with a
hole in the middle of
it. And that this front
piece comes off. Like it's
a, it's an interesting device
and it's kind of expensive
for a ball of foam,
you know, 200 bucks. But
I needed it when the
basement flooded. I mean, I'm
back in my basement. It's
been more than a year,
still lots of work going
on down here. It's taken
a long time. So when
I was upstairs, I absolutely
had to have this. And,
and I just sorta got
used to it. I like
it rather than just a
regular pop filter, have the,
the eyeball on the whole
thing. And it looks like
something out of portal, which
makes me happy. It does.
Yeah. Actually speaking of portal,
Zeldas got all this everything's
orange and blue. Whenever you're
doing the puzzles, it's orange
keeping. I keep wanting to
open a portal. Zelda born
in colors. Yeah. Yeah. There
a guy just put in
the chat here that there's
an article about in independent
devs being treated like royalty,
bine and Tinto by Nintendo.
Cause I mean, I I've
worked with game developers for
many, many years and I
had a bunch of friends
who worked with Nintendo found,
found them very challenging to
work with, but that was
a number of years ago.
If they've clued in to
this idea, that indie games
are the thing that this
is what will make the
world a better place. That's
going to shape up the
market in a big way.
That's how I've always felt
like an intended was kind
of stuck. Like how were
they the real original incumbents
right from the NES in
the eighties on forward, right?
Mario is more than 20
years old. How are they
going to be modern? If
they can crack crackly, the
indie market, they're going to
be on top of the
world. Have you, have you
heard of shovel night? Have
you played shovel night? I
have not. It's like, it's
this perfect little pixel 2d
platformer with a nice story
about a night. And he
carries a shovel. If you're
a played like ghouls and
goblins or goals and ghosts,
it's kind of like that,
but it's very, very, pixely
very Metroid and it's got
some of the smartest leveling
platforming that, that I've ever
seen. And it's, it's kind
of a nice palette cleanser
that you can play on
the switch. It also is
on Xbox or a three
D S and basically shovel
Knight is everywhere. And it's
one of those little, you
know, kind of indie studio
games. That, that is the
way that we remembered two
D games for 20 years
ago. Yeah. So it's a
modern eight version of interpretation
of an eight bit game.
It is. It's very well
said because if you went
and looked at a real
eight bit game, they aren't
that they're not like, you
know what I mean? Like
lower than yes. Your memory
of what an eight bit
game, like the little, the
complexity levels. Yeah. But there's
this kind of new Renaissance
in toody and polished to
the action games. And I
think it's like eight bucks
now on, on various small
things. And now, because that
was a huge hit from
this company called a yacht
club. And now they're doing
like sequels and prequels and
they're building into the story
about this little cute little
night with a, an accident.
I've got him, I've got
an amoeba here. I'll show
you of this cute little
night with a shovel. Nice.
You know, and he's just
like, he's got like horns
on his head and shovel
and he's doing his thing.
So I like that on
the it's very Wagner ask
it is, it is. I
like on the switch that
I can play something that's
3d, like Zelda that's open-world
or something that's like today,
I'm really hoping they do
the virtual console thing so
that I could get, you
know, all the super Nintendo
games. I want an emulator.
Oh, I see. You want
to go back and play
a bunch of re remind
yourself of us to how
bad those old games actually
were. Yeah. Yeah. They definitely
don't hold up, but I've
got the virtual console on
my three DS, which allows
me to buy legally, you
know, super Nintendo games like
Mario. And what's the other,
one's us Metroid, super Metroid.
You can buy them from
their digital things. So I
think if the switch gets
those things, plus, you know,
the usual Hulu, Netflix, then
I think it will become
my tablet. I don't think
I will take my iPad
to the hotel anymore. And
there are people who carry
their PSP that way as
well. So it's like a,
they could turn it into
a contemporary PSP. Yeah. And
I would like a, I
don't want the dock, but
I want a cable to
plug in to the, the
HTMI of the hotel. Right.
Then I'm going to be
carrying my console with me.
Is there any issue my
plug on this switch? Well,
so that's the thing. If
I pull the switch out
right now, it is dark.
And at the bottom here,
there is only USB three.
Pardon me? USB C right
at the bottom of the
Twitch. I'm holding the Twitch
up here. So basically at
the whole thing, the power
is USB C. I am
not familiar with how USBC
works. Well, He has enough
bandwidth that it could be
feeding an ACMI output as
well. What, I don't know
how you would do it.
Would you have a, You'd
have to have a little
module that would do the
conversion. So you do need
a module. You need somebody
to like, cause it's doing
HTMI over The SPC. Exactly.
So whatever they're doing, it's
inside the doc. You would
have to have a module
that did that, but it's
probably doable. And you know,
50 bucks, The module, the
doc is nothing. It's nothing.
It's nothing. It's plastic. So
it sounds like that little
box exists in there. Yeah.
I'm hearing you say that
there, there is a possibility
for a, I don't know,
$30, you know, adjustable thing.
I'm saying $50, but yeah.
USB. Yeah. And I plug
it into the, the hotel
and you're all set. Yep.
So you look at this,
I hold it up here
and watch you just take
the controllers off. I mean,
that's just gold and they've
really done a great job.
They should see how that
has it. Like a number
two on it. Basically, if
you take it off and
one becomes, one, one becomes
two, then you can hold
them separately as we remote.
But if I plugged them
in and then I just
take the pro controller, which
is over here, it looks
just like an Xbox controller.
Very much like an X
box. And I just push
the button. Those two, the
two little ones shut off
and the big one turns
on and you're all set.
That's awesome. Oh, it's so
good. Battery life. I played
Zelda for, I don't know.
I sat at a McDonald's
with a free soda pop
and played Silva for at
least three hours. Right. And
at that point, your battery
life is now your friend,
when this battery's dead, you
should stop. That is a
very, with all due respect,
kind of practical old man
statement, You know, I play
Kerbal space program and it's
got a memory leak and
it's good for about three
or four hours. And then
it crashes and that crashes
my indication. I should stop.
I've been playing For too
long. That is so smart.
I'm going to tweet that
because that's exactly what it
is. I'm really good. It
doesn't have any day, all
day battery life playing for
three or four hours. You
need to go Three things
you should be doing. There's
nobody in the world after
that, battery's dead. Who really
has nothing else. Yeah. That's
smart. Go work in a
soup kitchen. If nothing else.
Right? Another comment here, someone
is asking if this is
my, is this my Logitech
Brio camera? Unfortunately, it's not
the people on Twitch stream
Twitch are seeing an old
life cam because what happened
was I'm calling Richard on
lighten this up a little
bit. I'm calling Richard with,
with messenger, which is Facebook
messenger. And I'm my embryo
cam. Then you're getting the
Breo cam, which I could
not get to work with.
I'm using OBS the open
broadcasting studio to send this,
this up to Twitch. The,
the 4k stream that it
is sending out was not
compatible. So he says, he
wants to know if I'm
still crushing it. I love
it. It is a fantastic
device. Couple of issues though,
if you go and check
out my, my Facebook and
my Facebook, my blog rather,
pardon me, the Breo has
bad drivers. So every time
you run windows update for
the insider's updates, the prio
will on install itself. The
live cam looks okay. I
appreciate that. But I would
definitely say that the prio
is the superior camera. Yeah.
I'm in the process of
wiring up my Canon ,
which is a four K
video camera that the sort
of professional camera with a
shallow depth of field lens
and all that good stuff.
But I ha I just
got this black magic card
and it'll allow me to
plug it into the computer
and use it as a
gigantic webcam. But I'm waiting
on special The cables as
always black magic card. What
is that? This one, this
one's actually, is it a
tensity pro 4k? Oh, look,
I even have the blocks.
I'm looking here. Black man,
black, black magic design products,
which is the name of
its intensity pro 4k incredible
capture and playback in SD.
So it looks like it's
got DVI and HG. Yep.
DVIU Interesting. So anything that
can spit out HD shows
up as a, as a
video stream. So for example,
if you wanted to do
a, what we're doing right
now in Twitch or broadcasting
studio, Our timing was bad.
My friend, I should have
this working, finding the next
week and I haven't got
it done yet. So I'm
on my surface book camera.
Yeah. So right now, not
only that, just to make
sure that people who are
watching this on video, understand
what's going on here, the
solution we put together to
make this happen is quite
cheesy. I am using open
broadcasting studio to capture a
window in that is on
Facebook messenger. You look horrible.
Not only because you're Jay
Peggy, you're lovely. And what
we want to be able
to do though, is figure
out a way to send
that high quality 4k stream,
you know, to OBS directly.
This is the thing about
OBS. I, you know, we
could do four K streams.
I could send a four
K stream to YouTube, you
know, with these different things.
But how do you do
chat? Like this high quality
chat in a, in a,
in a scalable way to
four K streams. Whoo. Yeah.
I don't know, but has
got to do the compositing
and that's where things get
that's where things get messy.
That's where it gets complicated.
That's for sure. Absolutely. So
that's gosh, I didn't mean
to talk about the, talking
about the switch for the
switch. She's awfully good, man.
Like you're not alone. There's
lots of people that are,
Can you just tell him
about it? And here's the
thing I said this on
Twitter. I'll say it here.
If in fact it doesn't
take off, right. It becomes
the next, the next we
you, with all due respect
to both of you about
one, it doesn't matter because
it's a fantastic portable cell.
The machine don't totally okay
with that. And I think
that's the whole, like, how
Do you get a new
machine to sell? It comes
down to that one marquee
game where you have that
moment that says, I just
want to play that. And
it that's enough for me
to want to own this.
And honestly, all the different
people out there like, Oh,
this isn't just by, just
by we, you know, I
mean maybe if you find
one a Goodwill, I mean,
the, we, you was not
as good as the, we,
it didn't happen. It's clunky,
it's chunky. And additionally, the,
we, you version of Zelda
provides no additional. We, you,
you know, game pad specific
behavior, it's not, we use
custom. If this thing gets,
gets Netflix gets Hulu, gets
Amazon prime gets any kind
of play video off of
a USB key. And the
one thing I am worried
about actually, the cloud saved,
there is no cloud save
right now. So I'm on
a tight rope out there
in the world with 16
hours into Zelda. You know
what I mean? Every time
I save, I'm like, I
hope I'm not in somebody's.
For-loop where they're going to
destroy my saved game and
I'm going to be screwed.
So other than that, if
they fix those things, I'm
going to be, it's going
to be gold. I am
very happy with my purchase
bought with my allowance. What
did you say by allowance?
Did you give up to
have this Chipotle? I did
a blog. If you go
to hanselman.com/blog right now, I've
got a thing I'm trying
to get my relationship book
done again. Right. And I,
so I wrote up my
wife and my allowance system
for adults that justifies the
purchasing of things like this.
I pay myself first in
cash when the cash is
gone. So I have actually
been walking around with twenties
with $300 in twenties in
preparation, to be able to
buy this thing, but to
buy it, to be clear,
to buy it. Guilt-free right.
To buy us, to buy
a Nintendo switch. Guilt free
was so important to paid
with cash. No, No credit
card statements coming, nothing paid.
Yeah. And, and when I
brought it home, it was
so great because my wife
did not say like, she,
she didn't go and say,
well, what is this? Or
do we need it? Do
we need another console? No,
we did not need another
console. Nope. I wanted it.
This is my indulgence. Yeah.
And the allowance system is
great. I think you have
similar ideas around finance. You
should be able to buy
things. Guilt-free if you can't
afford them. And this took
me seven weeks of saving
and I bought it. It
was good. Well, and I
tend to use credit cards,
but mostly for the, for
the financial protection, I don't
use them as loans they're
paid every month. Like the
advantage of their credit card
is that it gives you
privileges as a consumer Indeed.
And some people complained and
they said, well, that's silly.
You shouldn't have done that.
You should have used, you
should have used your credit
card to be clear for
big purchases. I do the
same thing. I have a
card, I get miles. But
what I do is I
carry the cash around. Yeah.
And then I give the
cash back to my wife
and then she puts it
on the credit card. Right.
So I, for big stuff,
for little stuff, you know,
I'll go and buy it.
I don't, I don't need
financial protection for a game,
but for the game system,
I carry the money around.
I saved it up. It
gave me, it gave me
something to focus on and
something to look forward to.
I bought the game and
then I gave my wife
the $300. Most important part
of that whole thing. Like
the process, the specific process
is an important that you
have a process is that
money is spent mindfully. It's
just like eating right. Eat
mindfully, spend mindfully. You know,
we should do. Maybe the
next, the next podcast we'll
do one on mindfulness, because
I think I had, I
had this conversation today. I
met with a young woman
about career or some career
counseling at lunchtime. And she's
trying to figure out which
direction to take her technical
career. And honestly, as long
as you're doing it with
some consciousness, some mindfulness, as
opposed to just letting your
life happen by default. Well,
you're always going to have
three or four options. Are
you saying no to the
options that don't take you
to the direction you want
to go to? Right. I
mean, that's the biggest thing
is it's only a handful
of decisions that shape Career.
Yeah. You just add the
problem is you don't get
to think about them for
very long. When the opportunity
comes, you have to have
already thought about them. You
already need to know what
is yes for you before
you agree to going to
be able to make the
decision when it needs to
be made. Yup. Exactly. Actually,
I'm going to write a
blog post about this. It's
funny. So I just, I
just Googled myself ever do
this. I Google myself just
to see not myself, but
like I Googled life happens
by default to see if
I had written about it
before. Cause at some point
I might have written about
it. You've written so many
blog posts that that's for
the, I have that problem
with, You know what I
mean? Like I'm like Richard
that's right. I should write
a blog post about that.
And then I'm like, well,
have I written that blog
post before? So I have
not a very nice person
named Paul Apostolos did write
about that because apparently I've
said this before on the
show, so I'm going to
write a supporting blog post
and then link to his
site. That's very nice. But
yeah, mindfulness is so important
and yeah, maybe, maybe I
should have used some on
this podcast. Ah, you know,
But the Hansel minutia is
we've done over the years.
My friend, we've done a
bunch, many of the most
fun ones. Where, what are
you most excited about right
now? I appreciate you. Richard Campbell
letting me geek out about
my frivolous ridiculous cash purchase
of my Nintendo switch. That
I'm very excited. This is
also, you know, these are
the phone calls you and
I have anyway, when the
recorders aren't around. Right. That's
true. It's entirely possible. While
you were driving back to
Portland from Redmond, you could
have phoned me and said,
we have talked about the
switch The whole way. Yeah.
I just, I will talk
about it with anyone. It's
so thoughtful. It's just a,
it's just a beautiful little
piece of hardware. It's and
I'm going to write up,
like I got these little
rubber, little, little things you
can improve. I like this
thing to about, about consumer
hardware. Now these are little,
little rubber covers know covers,
but they're not just covers.
It's got a little depth
to it. So it's it's
it gives it a grip.
Nice. Like a fat grip
for your hands. And I
don't think I could use
the switch without it. It
would hurt my, and now
it won't slide off a
table. Like it's it's tracks.
Exactly. It's tractioning that's good
idea. So that is, that
is our show. And I
appreciate your, your use of
your time. You know what?
I been too long since
we chatted like that. So
I'm glad we did indeed.
Now I'm going to turn
on my radio voice. I'll
do it and then maybe
you can do it after.
Okay. Okay. You ready? This
has been another episode of
Hansel minutes. We'll see you
again. Next week. This has
been another episode. We'll see
you again. Next week. I
may use that as my
new thing. .